Decompilation notes:

1. this game uses old_agbcc
only god knows when they started writing the code for this game

2. EWRAM and some parts of ROM are accessed via pure pointers

in theory anything past offset 0x180000 in ROM should have been accessed via pure pointers
so if you can't match a function that's using those addresses try using pure pointer 

EWRAM is the same deal but the save data buffer in EWRAM is actually not accessed using pure pointers 
it was properly defined as a struct in EWRAM

Bugs and oversights:

1. Missing if statement sets a bit in the m4a PCM buffer

function Command39 in script_commands.c is missing an if statement at the end

```
else
{   
    // TODO: BUGFIX
    // ! Capcom forgot to check for 0xFF here..this will slightly corrupt the sound buffer in gSoundInfo
    oamIdx = GetMapMarkerIndexFromId(id); 
    gMapMarker[oamIdx].unk5 |= 4;
}
```

2. displaying the close ups for phoenix and edgeworth copy too many bytes to a buffer

while this is not a big problem it's something to note about 

Weird things:

1. EWRAM address 0x0200AFC0 is used for some examination data

specifically it's used for some coordinates and stuff related to the hand pointer
idk why capcom would do this since they have enough space in IWRAM to do this

2. gBGDecompBuffer is sometimes used for copying background graphics to VRAM

it's a decompression buffer for god's sake
curse you shared memory accesses

3. script commands can go up to 0x7F but the amount of script commands is actually 0x4D 
alongside some other commands which were just stubbed for some reason

4. sub_8010C4C is the function that updates animations and it takes a single value

if the value is not 0 then the game will update the animation tiles to an address in EWRAM
instead of a field in the animation struct for some reason

debug code in pc port also doesn't use this feature
but it has a print function that is called when the argument passed to the function is 0
the debug message is related to REG_VCOUNT and possibly for running out of time for copying the tiles

5. leftover revision 0 data in revision 1 ROM

since revision 1 is 8 bytes smaller in code size there are some pointers 8 bytes apart in revision 1
in 2 places that shouldn't be there and they are pointers to functions in revision 0

the revision 1 pointers can be found exactly before the extra pointers from revision 0
it is unknown why this happened and i won't have the repo build an exact rev1 dump ROM
since it would require bad looking ifdefs in C and ASM data which i would rather avoid

Person data:

Still being analyzed might get dumped soon